{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 From observation there were two typical cases of people waiting in line to get their red zone points. One of the typical cases was a group of friends all waiting in line. This type of group was talking laughing having a good time passing time until they got their red zone point. Although they interacted with each other the groups were very closed off to other in the vicinity. The other typical case was a fan waiting by themselves quiet watching the game constantly checking their phone. I was able to talk to both cases while doing my user testing.\
\
The groups of friends responded well to both the line time app and the red zone app. However the large group seemed more concerned about getting their red zone point because once they got their point they could get out of line. They were far less focused on making predictions about the game. The tailgate was a much different situation than a real game so it would make sense to go back and test in the line for a home football game or other sporting event.\
With the line time app the groups of friends initially liked the competition aspect of guessing the time and bantered back and forth how long they thought the wait would take. This did lead to complaining about the long wait. I would want to explore the idea further of an app that makes people complain about their current situation in line.\
\
When talking to individuals the biggest thing that I observed before talking to them is that they were constantly checking their phones for texts or sending texts. The predominant answer I got when I asked why was "its something to do while I wait." When I introduced the idea of making predictions about the game for a red zone point, the fans that got the most excited were avid football fans while in the case of a casual fan the app took a significant amount of explaining.\
Reactions to the Line Time app by individuals were fairly minimal. They were intrigued by the idea of getting a reward however the excitement and competition of trying to guess correctly was lost with just one person. It could be worth exploring some form of social competition among all the people in line though.}