{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb2 The activity I observed was people attempting to get a group of friends together to play sports. The target audience I focused on was young active Stanford students. I tried to find 3 people from diverse backgrounds. The distinction\'a0I used was living situation. The three common living situations I identified were a freshmen dorm, a 3 or 4 class dorm and a greek/row house.\
\
The first case I observed were Monica and Daniel two freshmen in Burbank. The first breakdown I encountered was that the third person they had planned to play soccer with bailed at the last minute because she thought she had too much work. Another very interesting moment was when the group was waiting in the lobby for 15 minutes for a player to come downstairs only to find out he decided not to play. The group of 4 had wasted valuable playing time waiting for a player in the lobby. Another moment I found interesting was that Daniel said he would stick his head in every open door however in actuality he was fairly selective in which people he asked. I ended up playing soccer with 3 of the freemen for a while. A breakdown was when the friend who they waited in the hallway for showed up in the middle of the 2 on 2 game. I ended up leaving the game to allow for continued play. Daniel and Monica had scheduled the game into their calendar. Daniel carried the ball around the dorm showing that he wanted to play and had the equipment. Class/work was a major excuse from both the freshmen and Aaron's friends.\
\
The second case was Travis a sophomore in Sigma Nu. He decided he wanted to play a game of can jam with some guys in his house. Unlike the freshmen dorm where it took 30 minutes to mobilize everyone. He had a group together in a matter of minutes. When I asked why he was able to quickly assemble a group he said that its really easy in a house where he knows every guy and they are together at meals or their doors are all open. The only breakdown I observed was that too many people wanted to play and there was an awkward moment over who should be in the first group of 4 to play. When I asked Travis what issues he had with forming groups to play sports, he said his biggest challenge is to connect with his friends that don't live in the house.\
\
The third case was Aaron a Junior RCC in Crothers. Unlike the case in a freshmen dorm or row house, Aaron was the only case where he would not stick his head into an open room(the doors in Crothers close automatically :( ) or knock on peoples' doors. His main way to connect with people was to call a crew of about 5-10 friends with a yield rate of about 1 or 2 friends. Aaron said he would text if he was trying to setup a game in the future. He also said that after calling people he generally goes to Ariallaga and shoots around until he gets into a random pickup game or his friends show up. He greatly prefers to play with people he knows.\
\
Needs:\
1. Sport suggestions\
2. reminders to reconnect with friends\
3. Who is free to play right now\
4. specific sports scheduler\
5. pick-up games in the area(open to different network sizes)\
6. rankings system between friends\
7. Share/rent sports equipment with the greater community\
8. collective calories burned measurment\
9. play for a cause\
10. Game suggestions with odd number groups\
11. List of most active players in the dorm/area with the ability to contact them\
12. Separate playing sports from the dorm email system.\
13. counter for how long its been since you played/worked out\
14. competition between each house for who played the most\
15. sportsmanship and ability rater of teams and plays\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260
\cf0 \cb1 1. When talking to Daniel he said one effective system was the club frisbee's Facebook group. He said that people would post ot the group asking who wanted to throw and if interest was shown then a time would be setup. This is an existing design that provides a forum for people to post their interest about playing that given day.\
2.\'a0Daniel's system of poking his head into rooms is a design that takes a significant amount of initiative and energy to setup a pick up game. This gave me the idea that at any given time in a dorm there are a handful of people who want to play a sport but they don't want to take the time walking the entire dorm to find people willing to play. There should be a more effective way of connecting with active people in one's community.\
3. Aaron's approach of calling a crew of friends with a low yield rate could be redesigned. People love playing with their friends and would generally like to do it more. There should be a way to redesign this system where friends' scheduled are synced up or a time for play can be decided on.\
4. The biggest breakdown I observed was when a 5th player arrived and the group deliberated for 10 minutes how to include this player and the solution ended in me leaving. Games for odd players exist, there is definitely a better solution than one player leaving or sitting out.\
5. In the case of Travis in Sigma Nu his current system is strictly looking inward and playing with members of his fraternity even though one of the things he missed most about freshmen year was playing with his dorm friends. A solution could be created to strike a balance between making the easy call of playing with members of the house and also branching out to old friends or new players.\
}